After a long time
The voice is still hot
The heat and cold blow it away
Even if it's the end of the season
I sing it all over, the voice is hot
That's not enough
I'll do it with Haruki, I'll do it with energy
I'll do it with love
I can't be a real man yet
Where, where, where, where, where, where, where, where, where
The end
Ah Ten Dokura, after so long
Her Forest
What's that?
The moon is full
Then
Oh, thank you.
The moon is looking down at the west mountain.
The frog is crying and is flying to the southern sky.
The frog is flying?
Yes.
Kantaro is upset.
The moon is looking down at the west mountain.
When the boss is standing at the harbour,
he is a cute man.
When he drinks, he licks the tiger.
I see.
You are a good person.
I'm impressed.
We are close friends.
I'm going to quit drinking today.
I want to say goodbye to you.
The bright morning is coming.
Let's laugh.
Listen to the birds.
Listen to the cherry blossoms.
The bright morning is coming.
Let's laugh.
The scent is good.
The light is good.
The green of the pine trees is beautiful.
The world shines.
The man is angry.
He is sad.
The bright morning is coming.
Let's laugh.